add create company steps (#4)
codatio/sdk-link: README.md

# sdk-link

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your auth flow

Our Link settings allow you to configure the authorization process based on your data needs and white-label Embedded Link to suit your brand. You can customize these settings in the [Codat Portal](https://app.codat.io/) in [Settings > Auth flow > Link](https://app.codat.io/settings/link-settings).

[See the docs](https://docs.codat.io/auth-flow/customize/customize-link).
```

Reviewer: I thought it was worth adding this

> ## <a name='create-company'>Create a new company</a>

Reviewer: I assume this is so you can link to it? I would normally expect that to be achieved like this:

```suggestion
<h2 id='create-company'>Create a new company</h2>
```

Author: Great, thanks for showing alternative ways of doing it. Used to do it with a tags in personal projects during GA, but will follow suggested pattern moving forward.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All of these examples will require you to have created a company and retrieved its `companyId`. You can do this via the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/).
```

# sdk-link
## Configure your auth flow

> Our Link settings allow you to configure the authorization process based on your data needs and white-label Embedded Link to suit your brand. You can customize these settings in the [Codat Portal](https://app.codat.io/) in [Settings > Auth flow > Link](https://app.codat.io/settings/link-settings).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Link settings allow you to configure the authorization process based on your data needs and label Embedded Link to suit your brand. You can customize these settings in the [Codat Portal](https://app.codat.io/) in [Settings > Auth flow > Link](https://app.codat.io/settings/link-settings).
```

suggesting this because Embedded LInk is already white-label, so the customer cannot white-label it - they can just brand it instead

> [See the docs](https://docs.codat.io/auth-flow/customize/customize-link).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to our documentation to see how you can [customize Embedded Link](https://docs.codat.io/auth-flow/customize/customize-link).
```

<h2 id='create-company'>Create a new company</h2>

> All of these examples will require you to have created a company and retrieved its `companyId`. You can do this via the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These examples require you to have previously created a company and retrieved its `companyId`. You can do this via the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/).
```

Visit <a href="https://app.codat.io/companies" target="_blank">codat.io/companies</a>

![Create Company](./public/new-company.png "Create New Company")

> 1. Click `Create company` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Create company** button.
```

> 2. Fill in the form in an open modal and submit it via `Add company` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Fill in the form in an open modal and submit it via the **Add company** button.
```

> 3. Copy `Company ID` by clicking on a `clipboard copy icon`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Copy `Company ID` by clicking on the **Copy to clipboard** icon.
```
